\chapter{The Gifts of Dr. Tokh}

\bigskip
\centerline{\setlength\fboxsep{12pt}\colorbox{TitleColor!16}{\begin{minipage}{0.9\linewidth-2\fboxsep}\color{black}\renewcommand{\baselinestretch}{1.2}
      {\fontsize{18}{18}\neuropolitical Our story...}  \quad\it A
      research campus of the notorious rogue scientist Dr. Tokh has
      finally been located! Several forces have joined up to shut it
      down, while others that have been secretly sponsoring her need
      to hide their involvement.  In some cases factions have strike
      teams fighting from both angles, a glaring example of the left
      hand not knowing what the right is doing amid the sprawling
      governments of the Human Sphere.
    \end{minipage}}}

\bigskip%
\textit{The Gifts of Dr. Tokh} is an unofficial, lightweight campaign
for Corvus Belli's \textit{Infinity} miniatures wargame.  It's
designed to be played either in a single day as a 1-shot event, or
over the course of several evenings.  It supports a variable number of
players, who may even come and go between rounds without undue
disruption.  There are three rounds of 150pt RECON+ missions and a
doubles game for the conclusion.  Players field a Spec-Ops Special
Agent throughout the campaign and may bring three army lists from
which to choose for each mission.  Upgrades and boons are gained by
troopers and players depending on the outcome of each mission, and
players' lists may become unavailable if they suffer too many
casualties.  This packet presents all the rules and missions for the
campaign and should be read by players and organizers alike.  Notes
and other resources for organizers are on the website:

\bigskip
\centerline{\url{http://rocketshipgames.com/infinity/gifts/}}

\section{Alliances}

Each player leads a strike team conducting an assault on Dr.~Tokh's
facility.  At the start of the campaign all the players divide up into
two alliances:

\bigskip
\noindent\begin{minipage}{1.0\linewidth}\centering
  \begin{minipage}[c]{1in}
    \includegraphics[width=\linewidth]{art/icons/regulators.pdf}
  \end{minipage}\quad
  \begin{minipage}[c]{4in}
    \textbf{The Regulators} have come to shut down a research campus
    of the notorious rogue scientist Dr Tokh and quietly grab whatever
    they can of her work.
  \end{minipage}\quad
  \begin{minipage}[c]{1in}~
  \end{minipage}

  \vspace{-9pt}
  
  \begin{minipage}[c]{1in}~
  \end{minipage}\quad
  \begin{minipage}[c]{4in}
    \textbf{The Creditors} have come to aggressively salvage
    whatever they can of the research they've sponsored and destroy any
    evidence implicating themselves.
  \end{minipage}\quad
  \begin{minipage}[c]{1in}
    \includegraphics[width=\linewidth]{art/icons/creditors.pdf}
  \end{minipage}
\end{minipage}

\section{Campaign Map}

A map of the campus is on the back of this packet.  Analysts have
identified vulnerable \textit{Breach Points} on each side through
which the strike teams may gain access.  Inside are four primary
quadrants:

\begin{minipage}[t]{\linewidth}\centering
\begin{minipage}[t]{3in}\centering
 \textit{Cyber-Informatics Laboratory}
  
 \textit{Bio/Xenological Laboratory}
\end{minipage}\quad%
\begin{minipage}[t]{3in}\centering
 \textit{MechEngineering Laboratory}
  
 \textit{Physical Services Plant}
\end{minipage}
\end{minipage}

\medskip
At the center of these is the \textit{Datacenter}, the campus' primary
computing complex.

\clearpage
\section{Goals}

There are three levels of goals for the alliances throughout the campaign---

\begin{squishitemize}  
\item \textbf{Tactical:} Dominate the ongoing firefights \hfill
  (most objective points earned in total)
\item \textbf{Strategic:} Secure Dr. Tokh's laboratories \hfill (control of
  the breach points and quadrants)
\item \textbf{Campaign:} Retrieve her most critical
  data \hfill (most objective points in the Datacenter)
\end{squishitemize}

Control of each location is determined by the total objective points
accumulated in missions there.

These three levels of goals are correlated to some extent but fairly
independent.  Thus, an alliance might earn a Tactical victory by
winning the most objective points overall; but claim only a Strategic
draw by controlling an equal number of locations; and suffer a
Campaign defeat by permitting the other alliance to gather more
objective points in the Datacenter.

\section{Missions}

The campaign proceeds over four rounds.  The first three are RECON+
skirmishes and the finale a full size doubles game.  Some simple
progressions and abilities may be gained from each of the first three.

All missions are symmetric, but some small bonuses are granted to the
nominal ``attacker'' that chose the target, as well as based on the
current state of the campaign and the alliances' control of the
campus.

\subsection{Round 1: Breach Points}

All players contest a \textit{Breach Point}, attempting to secure an
entry into the facility.  Beginning with the Creditors, as they knew
about the facility in advance and have the initiative, the alliances
alternate putting forward a player to attack a specific Breach Point
they want to control.  The other alliance responds with a player
attempting to take it for themselves (not defending per se) and a game
table.

\subsection{Rounds 2 \& 3: Quadrants}

Beginning with the alliance leading in total objective points earned,
they each alternate putting forward a player and a target quadrant.
The other alliance then responds with an opponent and a game table.
Each quadrant is associated with a specific mission:

\begin{squishitemize}
\item \textit{Cyber-Informatics Laboratory:} Download revolutionary
  digital viruses and AI kernels.
  
\item \textit{Bio/Xenological Laboratory:} Harvest experimental
  lifeforms crafted by Dr. Tokh.
  
\item \textit{MechEngineering Laboratory:} Grab data archives
  documenting prototypes and test runs.
  
\item \textit{Physical Services Plant:} Destroy the campus' physical
  plant while framing the opposing alliance.
  
\end{squishitemize}

Alliances can make an attack on any quadrant in each round, but a
small benefit is granted to the alliance that controls the adjacent
Breach Point or already holds the quadrant itself.

\subsection{Round 4: Datacenter}

In the finale, players within each alliance team up for a doubles
round.  All teams play a single mission within the
\textit{Datacenter}, attempting to secure Dr. Tokh's most critical
data.  A small bonus is given to the alliance controlling the
quadrants.  In addition, players may hack Network Terminals throughout
the preceding missions to gain clues about which servers in the
Datacenter are most important.
